I I want to take you now to the voice
that we're hearing on the phone live of
Muhammad Abu we've heard from him before
here on Al jazer he is the director of
the alifa medical complex which as we've
been reporting was forced to evacuate
this morning let's listen in to what he
has to say more than
dire the medical
Crews cannot function without
electricity oxygen water or even food
and what are the last proes you receive
today the last promise we made today
that the newborn babies will be taken
out of the incubators and shifted uh
elsewhere in a step towards transporting
them into Egypt then they will be
followed by the patients who cannot move
the amps and those with critical
conditions as of now nothing has
happened the situation is really dire we
do not know of these promises will be
fulfilled especially that the all the
medical staff has left only very few
including myself are left we are out of
service uh weeks ago we are without
power weeks ago without water or food
only those remaining in the
hospital are left to die there is no
execuse for the Israelis to deny them
access or safe
Passage
the hospital is totally deserted the
remaining patients and victims are lying
in the
corridor the situ the hospital is
surrounded by columns of Tanks the
Israeli soldiers are inside in on and on
the roof and about the hospital they are
in total control even the few remaining
medical staff cannot move freely we
cannot even do anything without taking
permission as I speak to you I am
surrounded by the Israel
soldiers
we have
not been assaulted but some of the
medical staff was interrogated our main
problem now is those remaining patients
and victims they are left to die we are
helpless and those new born babies we
are helpless there is nothing no oxygen
there is no even medical staff or nurses
to attend to them we do not know between
270 to
300 we are still speaking of a huge
capacity of a hospital but the entire
hospital is out of service for weeks we
over the past few weeks the past few
days we were catering to them with the
least at hand but now we are left with
nothing the entire hospital is deserted
only the occupation forces Soldier are
everywhere and I'm telling you if those
patients wounded D kidney failure uh
patients and the newborn babies if they
are not transported properly according
to the medical protocols within the
coming few hours they will be left to
Die the total hospital is a wreck it is
a relic it is totally
deserted the uh kidney failure patients
require Swift dialysis if the remaining
patients are not transported immediately
without any delay they will be killed
they will be left to die over the past
few days we have been k in with the
least at hand I am here among them I
insisted that I will not leave simply
because their situation is more than
dire I cannot leave them to meet their
death they are doomed to die they are
helpless including myself that's why we
were adamant that we are not leaving
without those patients they are left for
imminent death inevitable
we have explained this to the whole
world especially the newborn babies the
whole world must act the Israeli
occupation forces have forced out more
than 5,000 people civilians patients and
wounded victim the Israeli occupation
forces have no execuse those babies and
patients must be evacuated properly and
immediately
I am doing my best to keep in
communication with the Israeli
occupation forces I also spoke to the
highest commander who took uh control of
the hospital I informed him that those
patients uh victims and babies must be
evacuated properly and immediately but
as we speak nothing has happened the
entire hospital is deserted we are over
whelmed with pain grief and
tears are you able to move within the
hospital yes I can hardly
move very uh strict restrictions laid by
the Israeli soldiers I have just visited
the kidney failure patients they are
desperately waiting to die we cannot
carry out any
dialysis uh process I also inspected the
premature newborn
babies uh I
also uh witnessed many of the amputees
with their limbs bleeding and even I saw
worms coming out of the wounds this is
tragic this is catastrophe those wounded
Pat victims and patients are doomed to
die unless they are evacuated
immediately without delay they will be
doomed to death with warn the
international the whole world the whole
world must know that those patients and
victims are left to die they are doomed
to die if they are not evacuated
properly at the
earliest you even said that even food is
short
that's
true that's true these are only a few of
the many challenges we are faced we are
left helpless this is a dilemma this is
an
ordeal those patients require medical
supplies medication food nutrition but
all of this is short the entire hospital
is nothing but a s
above all the Israeli soldiers are
everywhere the medical staff are
overwhelmed with fear pain and also
tears